Hello and welcome ruler to your new nation. In order to stay in power you need to keep the people in check.
Here we will teach you everything you need to know to keep them down and yourself in power. You control
how your society is divided and who has power through castes. Castes are a defined group of people
with rights(or lack thereof).
1
Economy points are a currency you can use to pay off family members, hold celebrations to try and
stave off rebellion amoung other things. You get economy points by working the lower classes harder,
winning wars and making descisions that reward you with money at the cost of other things.
1
Security points show the relative strength of your loyal security forces. You can use security points
to go to war for riches and other issues of national(your) security. You gain security points by
keeping the ruling classes happy by granting them rights.
1
Rebellion points show how angry the lower classes are. If you accumulate too many of them the people
will revolt and you'll be overthrown. The harder you work the lower classes the faster they will grow
rebellious. You can stave off rebellion by winning wars, holding celebrations or granting the plebs
more rights(yuck!).
1
A Selection determines who is in the caste. If you don't select anyone all groups will be included.
The pickier you are, the less people will be in the caste. If the caste is a ruling caste, it will
not pay taxes but the larger it's population the more security points it will generate. If it's a 
lower caste the larger it's population the more taxes it generates but also more rebellion points.
1
Rights determine what the group of people belonging to the caste can and can't do in your nation.
This also determines their approval of you. Your ruling class should have a higher approval of you
than the lower classes. If the ruling class has positive approval, it will generate security points
and if a lower class has negative approval it will generate rebellion points.
1
The higher the approval of the ruling class, the more security points they generate but the less
taxes are paid due to their corruption and exploitation of their priviliges. The Lower the approval
of the lower class, the more taxes that are generated but also the more rebellion points.
1
You can start a war at anytime. Each turn you are at war you will use up more and more security points.
If you surrender a war you will gain rebellion points and lose economy points. If you win a war
you will erase all rebellion points and win lots of economy points. Sometimes, it's a risk worth
taking. The biggest problem is that you never know how long a war could drag on for.
After all is said and done it's only your people's lives, what's there to lose?
1
Family is great, at being corrupt. Even though no one could ever be as great as you, no one rules
forever. Sooner or later you will need an heir. To do this you will need a spouse and children.
Each of these family members will have three traits. Sometimes they will
make ruling easier and sometimes they'll throw a tantrum if they can't buy new designer shoes.
Either way, it's a risk you'll have to take. Be careful about any family member's approval getting
too low, they may try and overthrow you!
1
To win, rule until turn 50 with a surviving hier. To do this you will need to avoid rebellion,
family revolts and being conquered in wars. All in a days work for the world's greatest tyrant,
you! After all heroes are remembered, but your line will never die.
1
